[processor/transform] Add functionality to break up a summary metric into Sum metrics. (#11041)
open-telemetry/opentelemetry-collector-contrib: processor/transformprocessor/README.md

- `convert_sum_to_gauge()` - Converts incoming metrics of type "Sum" to type "Gauge", retaining the metric's datapoints. Noop for metrics that are not of type "Sum". 
**NOTE:** This function may cause a metric to break semantics for [Gauge metrics](https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-specification/blob/main/specification/metrics/datamodel.md#gauge). Use at your own risk.

> - `convert_summary_count_val_to_sum(aggregation_temporality, is_monotonic)` - Creates a new Sum metric out of incoming metrics of type "Summary" with a "Count" Value. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `convert_summary_count_val_to_sum(aggregation_temporality, is_monotonic)` - Creates a new Sum metric out of incoming metrics of type "Summary" with a "Count" Value. Noop for metrics that are not of type "Summary".
```
Worth adding to be consistent with the other convert functions

Author: Updated

- `convert_sum_to_gauge()` - Converts incoming metrics of type "Sum" to type "Gauge", retaining the metric's datapoints. Noop for metrics that are not of type "Sum". 
**NOTE:** This function may cause a metric to break semantics for [Gauge metrics](https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-specification/blob/main/specification/metrics/data-model.md#gauge). Use at your own risk.

- `convert_summary_count_val_to_sum(aggregation_temporality, is_monotonic)` - Creates a new Sum metric out of incoming metrics of type "Summary" with a "Count" Value. Noop for metrics that are not of type "Summary". The name for the new metric with be `<summary metric>_count`. The fields that are copied are: `timestamp`, `starttimestamp`, `attibutes`, and `description`.
**NOTE:** This function may cause a metric to break semantics for [Sum metrics](https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-specification/blob/main/specification/metrics/datamodel.md#sums). Use at your own risk. 

> - `convert_summary_sum_val_to_sum(aggregation_temporality, is_monotonic)` - Creates a new Sum metric out of incoming metrics of type "Summary" with a "Sum" Value. Noop for metrics that are not of type "Summary". The name for the new metric with be `<summary metric>_sum`. The fields that are copied are: `timestamp`, `starttimestamp`, `attibutes`, and `description`. Any functions executed after the new metric is created will apply to that metric as well.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- `convert_summary_sum_val_to_sum(aggregation_temporality, is_monotonic)` - Creates a new Sum metric out of incoming metrics of type "Summary" with a "Sum" Value. Noop for metrics that are not of type "Summary". The name for the new metric with be `<summary metric>_sum`. The fields that are copied are: `timestamp`, `starttimestamp`, `attibutes`, and `description`.  The new metric that is created will be passed to all functions in the metrics queries list.  Function conditions will apply.
```

The processor applies every function (that passes the condition check) to every data point.  So the metric created by this function will then be passed to every function defined in the queries list.  Also please add the statement to the other function.

Author: Updated
